Deployment health-check repair — minimal change only.

The deployment logs now identify the blocking issue:

System: healthcheck failed error=healthcheck_failure returned status 500

The application itself starts successfully and reports:

Server running on http://localhost:5000

Database queries also appear operational.

Diagnose why the Replit deployment health check is receiving HTTP 500.

Specifically:

Identify the exact route/path Replit is using for the deployment health check.
Determine why that route returns HTTP 500.
Check whether the health-check request is being passed through authentication/session middleware and failing because no session cookie exists.
Check whether the root / route, health endpoint, middleware, database dependency, domain redirect, or authentication configuration is causing the 500.
Confirm that the application is listening correctly on the Replit-provided port/environment configuration rather than relying incorrectly on a hard-coded port.
If an explicit health endpoint is required, use a lightweight unauthenticated endpoint such as /health or the appropriate existing equivalent that returns HTTP 200 when the application process is healthy.
The health endpoint must not require a logged-in user/session cookie.
Do not expose protected application data through the health endpoint.
Do not change the Phase 5 Domain Brand/Venture/Product architecture, database schema or migration unless evidence proves they are responsible.
Make the smallest possible corrective change required to restore deployment health.

After the repair:

run the application;
test the exact health-check route without authentication;
confirm HTTP 200;
confirm authenticated application routes still enforce authentication;
confirm database connectivity;
run the existing regression tests;
report exactly which files were changed and why.

Do not republish until these local/runtime checks pass.

If the health check still returns 500, stop and report the underlying exception rather than making speculative additional changes.